A. Question answering
what is question answering over knowledge graph?
{WYW16} 
QA is a popular way for humans to access billion-scale knowledge bases. The key of QA over knowledge bases is to map the question to a certain substructure in the knowledge base.

{CLJ12}
Question Answering is a good compromise between inturtiveness and expressivity when accessing an increasing amount of Linked Data.

{KSE16}
Semantic Question Answering (SQA) is defined byusers (1) asking questions in natural language (NL) (2) using their own terminology to which they (3) receive a concise answer generated by querying a RDF knowledge base.

{YHZ18}***format
Given a question q, the algorithm is asked to output an entity
in the knowledge graph which properly answers the question. For example, q can be a question
like \who acted in the movie Passengers?", and one possible answer is Jennifer Lawrence, which
is an entity in the KG. In a more challenging setting, q can even be an audio segment reading the
same question. The training set Dtrain = f(qi; ai)gN i=1 contains N pairs of question and answers.
Note that fine-grained annotation is not present, such as the exact entity present in the question,
question type, or the exact logic reasoning steps along the knowledge graph leading to the answer.
Thus, a QA system with KG should be able to handle noisy entity in questions and learn multi-hop
reasoning directly from question-answer pairs.


what the PROS and CONS are QA over KG have?: 
{KSE16}
PROS: Users are thus freed from two major access requirements to the Semantic Web: (1) the mastery of a formal query language like SPARQL and (2)knowledge about the specific vocabularies of the knowledge base they want to query. 
CONS:Since natural language iscomplex and ambiguous, reliable SQA systems require many different steps. While for some of them, like partof-speech tagging and parsing, mature high-precision solutions exist, most of the others still present difficult challenges. 

{YHZ18}
PROS:Knowledge graph (KG) is known to be helpful for the task of question answering (QA), since
it provides well-structured relational information between entities, and allows one to further infer
indirect facts.

{YSK16}
PROS:With the continued growth of knowledge bases (KBs) on the web, how to access such precious intellectual resources becomes increasingly important (Unger, Freitas, and Cimiano 2014). Knowledge base based question answering (KB-QA) just focuses on this problem and is able to use natural language as query language. 

{WYH17}
PROS: In recent years, the emergence of many large scale knowledge base,
such as Google Knowledge Graph, Freebase [3], and YAGO2[16],
provide a new opportunity to build a better QA system [23, 29, 28,
14, 33, 12]. The knowledge base in general has a more structured
organization and contains more clear and reliable answers compared to the free text based QA system.


what the challenges will QA over KG have?
{YHZ18}
First, when people ask questions, their expressions are noisy (for example, typos in texts, or variations in pronunciations), which is nontrivial for the QA system to match those mentioned entities to the knowledge graph. Second, many questions require multi-hop logic reasoning over the knowledge graph to retrieve the
answers. 


What techniques can be used in QA over knowledge graph? Introduce several QA over KG techniques.

1.semantic parsers: first map a question to formal meaning representation (e.g. logical form) and then translate it to a KG query. The answer to the question can be retrieved by executing the query.
PROS:
CONS:the model is not trained end-to-end and errors may be cascaded.




[Paper]
Survey on Challenges of Question Answering in the Semantic Web (Semantic QA Survey)

[Conclusion]
QA on the Semantic Web is an approach the retrieve resources as Linked Data from RDF knowledge bases.


---------- KG问答数据集----------
[Paper]
{AVM18}
Complex Sequential Question Answering: Towards Learning to Converse Over Linked Question Answer Pairs with a Knowledge Graph (AAAI18)

[Challenges]
A dateset -- Linked Question Answer Pairs with a Knowledge Graph

1)answering factual questions through complex inferencing over a realistic-sized KG of miliions of entities;
2)learning to converse through a series of coherently linked QA pairs

[Conclusion]
create a dataset containing around 200K dialogs with a total of 1.6M turns.

the questions in this dialogs require a larger subgraph of the KG.

this questions are answerable from a Knowledge Graph using logical, quantitative, and comparative reasoning as well as their combinations.




[Paper]
Semantic Parsing on Freebase from Question-Answer Pairs (EMNLP13)

[Challenges & Traditional Methods' Limitations]
1. They require annotated logical forms as supervision;
2. They operate in limited domains with a small number of logical perdicates.

[Method]
To narrow down the huge number of possible logical predicates for a given question:
-They first built a coarse mapping from phrases to predicates using a knowledge base and a large text corpus.
-Then, they used a bridging operation to generating additional predicates based on neighbouring predicates.

[Conclusion]
PROS:
1. This system uses denotation rather than logical form as a training signal, but also benefits from denotation features, which becomes possible in the grounded setting.
2. The work connects natural language and open-domain database with a limited amount of manual effort.
CONS:
The noise and the difficulty in canonicalization make it hard to perform reliable composition in freebase, thereby nullifying one of the key benefits of semantic parsing.


----------Template-based QA----------
What is template-based QA?
why we use template-based QA? (the PROS and CONS)
technique details 

[Paper]
Template-based Question Answering over RDF Data (WWW12)

[Author]
Christina Unger et al.

[Challenges & Traditional Methods' Limitions]
Most question answering systems translate questions into triples which are matched against the RDF data to retrieve an answer, typically relying on some similarity metric. 
However, in many cases, triples do not represent a faithful representation of the semantic structure of the natural language qyestion, with the result that more expressive queries can not be anseered.

[Methods]
They peresented a novel approach to question answering over Linked Data that relies on a parse mirrors the internal structure of the question. This template is then instantiated using statistical entity identification and predicate detection.

[Conclusion]
PROS:
The SPARQL templates this approach generated capture the semantic structure of the natural language input. Therefore questions containing quantifiers like 'the most' and 'more than', comparatives like 'higher than' and superlatives like 'the highest' do not pose a problem - in contrast to most other question answering systems that map natural language input to purely triple-based representations. 
CONS:
1. 可扩展性:没有扩展到大规模开放,异构的知识图谱
2. 健壮性: failure like questions cannot be parsed, query selection problems and entity identification problems.



[Paper]
KBQA: Learning Question Answering over QA Corpora and Knowledge Bases (PVLDB17)
KBQA: An Online Template Based Question Answering System over Freebase (IJCAI16)

[Athors]
Wanyun Cui, Yanghua Xiao et al.

[Affiliation]
Fudan

[Challenges]
1. Representation Designment
  1) identify questions with the same semantics;
  2) distinguish different question intents.

2. Semantic matching
  To map the representation to a structed query.
  They found 98% intents are correspond to complex structures

[Conclusion]
Cui et al. purposed a knowledge-based Question Answering system. 
(1) understanding questions with templates
(2) using template extraction to learn the mapping from templates and predicates
(3) using expanded predicates in RDF to expand the coverage of knowledge base
(4) understanding complex questions to expand the coverage of the questions

PROS:
QA over a knowledge graph gives out accurate and concise results while searching over conventional datebase is inflexible.

CONS:
不可能穷举模板,会有遗漏
开放领域知识问答需要一些健壮性,比如对于不存在答案问题的处理
--------------------




----------Random walk----------
[Paper] 在线技术问题问答 - 推荐技术路线
{SLZ17}
Efficiently Answering Technical Questions — A Knowledge Graph Approach

[Task]
a novel technical question understanding approach to recommending probable solutions to users.
An emerging trend is the growth need to ask questions online. 

[Challenges]
For machines, understanding a question is nontrivial.   Hard to understand query intention
Current approaches lack explicit background knowledge.  

[Method]
1. We construct a hierarchical knowledge graph automatically which contains abundant technical information, to understand a question. 
2. Next, an augmented knowledge graph is used for relating the questions to documents via the knowledge graph.
Two-step framework:
3. Then we use a question-driven method to select candidate solutions.  (low precision, high recall)
4. random walk approach is applied to candidates ranking and an index-based random walk is proposed to support the online search.

[Result]
Generally speaking, our method outperforms the
state-of-the-arts by 5%-15% in accuracy and also achieves
the real time query response times in answering technical
questions.




----------QA over multiple knowledge bases----------*******查看YSK16相关工作
[Paper]
{YSK16}
A Joint Model for Question Answering over Multiple Knowledge Bases

[Task]
 question answering (QA) over multiple KBs has drawn more attention.
 
[Challenges] 多个KG实体-关系对齐困难
The pipeline strategy first constructs the alignments independently, and then
uses the obtained alignments to construct queries. However,
alignment construction is not a trivial task,

[Method]
we notice that alignment construction and query construction
are interactive steps, and jointly considering them would be
beneficial. To this end, we present a novel joint model based
on integer linear programming (ILP), uniting these two procedures into a uniform framework.

The novelty of the proposed
method lies in jointly considering two interacting procedures
in multiple KB-QA, i.e., alignment construction and query
construction, and encoding them into an ILP model. 

